hey hey okay wait you want to go get
coffee oh I would love to
oh good I'm gonna go to bed oh good okay
I changed my mind
let's talk about the party I have so
many ideas the ones we do oh yeah oh
look at that alright so let's get to the
cake um some sample menus um you know I
thought we'd start out with Tuscan style
finger food okay every music here's an
alphabetized list of all of my CDs I'll
highlight the ones it'll go really go
with the food happen to the intimate
dinner party you know we're not doing
that like you took care of everything
thanks a lot co-host hey take care of
everything there's there's plenty of
things for you to do uh-huh like what
cups cups you're giving me cups and ice
nice oh I get to be in charge of cups
and ice all right fine okay I will be in
charge of cups and ice wait a minute I
get ice at the risk I gotta mine hey is
it okay if I leave this stuff here to
Rachel's birthday party sure what's up
cups well good because we got Rachel
eight hundred gallons of water seriously
that's a lot of cups
yeah well that's cuz I'm in charge of
cups and ice and Monica is gonna rue the
day that she put me in charge of cups
and ice you know I read the day once
didn't get a whole lot else done okay
time to bring up the rest of the cups
hey check it out a cup hat cup banner
tough chandelier and the thing that
started at all the tough great job with
the cup steeps
hmm why don't you just go out with her
and did you notice the ice look we have
it off we had crushed cubed and dry
watch ah mystical I don't work within my
Tuscan finger food cos they're all
filling up on Phoebe's sno-cones
there are snow cones snow cones yeah you
go don't get you
really did do a nice job thank you for
stating the obvious
observe that that's why you know that we
ever co-host a party together and can do
whatever you want
you know Joey's got a birthday coming up
what do you want to do um okay I'd like
to be in charge of beer well then
there's nothing one for me
Oh destroy what what's my birthday isn't
for another month
that's a surprise oh my god so great no
expect enemy Chandler's birthdays even
before fine
so great look at all these cups this is
so weird I was in charge of cups
oh okay not so weird